# Delivery Assessment
During this sprint, my main focus was on improving the CI/CD infrastructure for the Speech Transcription project. What I specifically did was investigate the reason behind the Windows.exe crash for the Saltify application and documented reproducible steps for debugging. I also helped in supporting dependency management by updating the requirements.txt file, and added comments explaining the reasoning behind the usage of some packages.

I believe that I did a good job in this sprint through a comprehensive writeup on the documentation and case study which highlighted the problem, reasoning and  solutions, but also highlighted the steps I took to ensure accuracy and reliability. While the overall sprint was a good exercise in understanding CI/CD principles and effectively contributing to the GitHub repository, one area for improvement could be taking steps to ensure changes could be validated across multiple environments (Windows, Mac, Linux) rather than focusing on Windows. Enabling better access for testing on these operating systems could have ensured broader stability.

# Collaboration Evaluation
As a team member, I was able to practice effective collaboration and team work through several Zoom and in-person meetings. We would have the regular casptone project classes on Mondays, but besides that we had meetings on Tuesdays and Fridays at around noon to ensure that we were on track with regular updates and project delivery. Our Tech Lead did a great job in dividing the responsibilities between the team members; while I focused on debugging the reason behind why the .exe file crash and reproducing it locally, the other team member handled logging integration and workflow updates. This complementary approach allowed us to move efficiently. One key takeaway was the importance of assigning reviewers on pull requests, which highlighted the need to align with team processes. I forgot to add my Tech Lead as a reviewer during this process which I shouldn't have ignored. This was a good reminder that collaboration extends beyond technical work - it includes respecting workflow norms and ensuring accountability.

# Technical Growth
This sprint greatly helped me with my technical skills, introducing to the world of CI/CD, PyInstaller build and debugging. Before this, I had limited experience with GitHub, pull and merge requests, extensive documentation and case study on CI/CD. Through hands-on work, I learned how PyInstaller operates and why resource files or DLLs may be excluded by default, and how to bundle them explicitly. By reproducing the crash, I understood more on how packages and dependencies work, and this was a crucial step in understanding how all these are crucial in building an executable file.

# Professional Development
From a professional development standpoint, this sprint helped me to prioritize time management and clear communication. Investigating the reasons behind why the crash occurred required spending a lot of time, but I split this time efficiently to ensure that this workload didn't have a negative impact on my work style. 

# Conclusion
Overall this sprint proved to be a good exercise in helping me learn CI/CD fundamentals, contributing effectively to GitHub repository, maintaining a clear and concise documentation and studying the impact through case studies. It also helped me to collaborate well with my teammates, and especially with my Tech Lead who conducted weekly meetings which all ensured that we had a successful and productive sprint in these 2 weeks.
