# Work Description
For this sprint, my primary issue was to enhance and improve CI/CD workflows for the Rerum playground project. The project lacked linting, formatting rules and continuous integration, which means that contributors and developers could accidentally introduce syntax errors, inconsistent formatting or undefined variables into the project repository. So far, my work involved integrating ESLint, Prettier and a GitHub Actions workflow to address the issues mentioned above, ultimately enhancing CI/CD and running quality checks on every push and pull request.

# Individual efforts
My individual contributions involved setting up configuration files required to address these issues. I added .prettierrc.json, .prettierignore and eslint.config.js files which also included a modern ESLint v9 compatible configuration. The package.json file was updated to run linting and formatting both manually and in CI. I also ran the command "npm run lint:fix" which automatically formatted legacy code. While this modified several js files in the project, these changes were exclusively style-based,  such as indentation, missing semicolons and parenthesis without alterations to the program code or logic. I also added a GitHub Actions workflow file titled lint.yml which installs dependencies and runs lint checks in an automated CI environment.

# Collaboration
In terms of collaboration, I maintained close communication with my Tech Lead in order to choose a project for this sprint, and ultimately I decided to move forward with Rerum. I also have a friend who works as a developer in Rerum, and I maintained communication with him after I made the pull request to ensure that the team knows the work accomplished so far. He told me that he would inform the project team about my work in their meeting, which I believe will make things significantly easier in merging the pull request after a detailed analysis of the changes implemented.

# Challenges
One big challenge I faced while working on this project during the sprint was handling the enormous number of existing linting violations, which reported over 700 warnings and errors. Several of these errors were resolved by adding browser-specific globals (such as fetch, localStorage, console and alert) to the ESLint configuration in order for the linter to understand the intended environment. The command "npm run lint: fix" resolved several hundreds of these errors, and automatically formatted legacy code. Another obstacle I faced was accidentally staging the entire node_modules directory by using the command "git add . " In order to fix this, I removed it from the staging area by using the command "git rm --cached" and updated the .gitignore file to prevent it from happening again. These troubleshooting skills required some patience and familiarity with Git, as such errors are extremely common, and ultimately they helped to strengthen the quality of my PR.

# Professional Growth
Overall, I believe that this work has helped me to signficantly improve my skills as a CI/CD developer. I was able to acquire hands-on experience with reading CI logs, troubleshooting pipeline failures and writing configuration files for real-world automation. Throughout this process, I wanted to ensure that I did not modify any of the existing code written by the maintainers and developers, and had to prioritize safety which is extremely crucial. Automating linting into a legacy codebase taught me that CI/CD is not merely about automation, but rather its also about improving software reliability and preventing future bugs which relieves a huge burden from the maintainers and developers of an open source project.